python.md, before:

# TRIAL EXAM: Programming Basics

### Getting Started
 - Fork this repository under your own account
 - Clone the forked repository to your computer
 - Commit your progress frequently and with descriptive commit messages
 - All your answers and solutions should go in this repository

### What can I use?
- You can use any resource online, but **please work individually**
- **Don't just copy-paste** your answers and solutions, use your own words instead.
- **Don't push your work** to GitHub until your mentor announces that the time is up


# Tasks
## 1-4. Complete the following tasks: (~120 mins)

- [Odd filter](oddfilter/odd_filter.py)
- [Name from email](namefromemail/name_from_email.py)
- [Dictionary](dictionary/dictionary.py)
- [Urls from GitHub handles](urlsfromhandles/urls_from_handles.py)

### Acceptance criteria
The application is accepted if:
- The solution works according to specification [1p each]
- The solution follows [styleguide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) [1p]
- Has proper error handling where the specification says it [1p each]
- Has the correct loops, methods, filters [1p each]
- The code is clean, without unnecessary repetition, and with descriptive names [1p each]
- You commit frequently with descriptive commit messages [1p]

## 5. Question time! (~15 mins) [2p]

###  What is the difference between id and class in CSS? [2p]
#### Your answer:
[add your answer here]

Commit message:

fix(def) add info to commit frequently just to be sure

python.md, after:

# TRIAL EXAM: Programming Basics

### Getting Started
 - Fork this repository under your own account
 - Clone the forked repository to your computer
 - Commit your progress frequently and with descriptive commit messages
 - All your answers and solutions should go in this repository

### What can I use?
- You can use any resource online, but **please work individually**
- **Don't just copy-paste** your answers and solutions, use your own words instead.
- **Don't push your work** to GitHub until your mentor announces that the time is up (but commit frequently to your local repository)


# Tasks
## 1-4. Complete the following tasks: (~120 mins)

- [Odd filter](oddfilter/odd_filter.py)
- [Name from email](namefromemail/name_from_email.py)
- [Dictionary](dictionary/dictionary.py)
- [Urls from GitHub handles](urlsfromhandles/urls_from_handles.py)

### Acceptance criteria
The application is accepted if:
- The solution works according to specification [1p each]
- The solution follows [styleguide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) [1p]
- Has proper error handling where the specification says it [1p each]
- Has the correct loops, methods, filters [1p each]
- The code is clean, without unnecessary repetition, and with descriptive names [1p each]
- You commit frequently with descriptive commit messages [1p]

## 5. Question time! (~15 mins) [2p]

###  What is the difference between id and class in CSS? [2p]
#### Your answer:
[add your answer here]
